Game functionalities : 
Running the game in solo mode
A player can join a new game and launch it. The access URL toa game is
faithful to the doc (hash-based). ex.:http://<server_name_or_ip>:<port>/<room>/<player_name>.

Launching the game in multiplayer mode: 
Muliiple players can join a new game. Only the first one can launch it.
A player cannot join a game in progress.
The game is faithful to the principles of Tetris.
The game is over when on player is left.

Relaunch a game:
At the end of a game, only the top player of the game can relaunch it If
this player has left the game, a new player replaces them and can launch
a new game instead.
After the end of a game and before relaunching it,
new players can join the game.

Blocks dispatch:
During a game, players receive the same sequence of blocks in the same
position and coordinates.

Moving the blocks:
Blocks rotate, move to the left, to the right, and fall as indicated in
the documentation. You can move a block during a timer tick once it's
landed, except if you forced the fall.

Line injection:
When a player destroys lines, opponents receive a n - 1 line malus. They
are indestructible and appear at the base of their structure.

Graphic interface:
Respect of the HTML / DOM constraints
A flexbox or a grid layout is used instead of a
tag. No use of canvas or
SVG. No DOM handling library usage.

Spectres visualization:
In multiplayer mode, it is possible to identify the opponents thanks to
their names and observe the specter of their structure. Each modification
of an opponent's structure shows in their spectre.
Client implementation:
Socket.io encapsulation
The use of a socketio must be completely encapsulated in a middleware.

Functional programming:
Never call ‘this* except to define new 'error’ sub-classes. AIl the logic
relative to the load management of the blocks must be written as pure
functions.

Server implementation:
Objet oriented programming
Games and players management server logic must be implemented as
object programming.

Unitary tests:
Sufficient cover
The ‘ npm run coverage* command must indicate that tests cover at least
70% of the statements, functions, lines and at least 50% of the branches.

Bonus:
Bonus will be taken into account only if the mandatory part is PERFECT. PERFECT meaning it is completed, that its
behavior cannot be faulted, even because of the slightest mistake, improper use, efc... Practically, it means that if the
mandatory part is not validated, none of the bonus will be taken in consideration.

In this part, you will count the bonuses proposed by the subject or added
by the project owner.
Each bonus must be:
Atleast a little useful (at your discretion)
Well implemented and 100% functional